#summary Complete change log of ATH
#labels Featured

=Change Log=
----
==September 20, 2010==
===Release v.2.22===
Changes are:
 * Inclusion of a new optional Mapper's Toolbar with some features requested by Drexer and the mapping community
 * Scoreboard fixes for a large majority of resolutions, see readme for information.
 * Class you're disguised as now shows up on the Spy disguise bar with appropriate animations
 * Fixes for the new payload maps that include the sliding sections so that you can actually see them on the payload map.
 * Slightly altered the text on the targetIDs to display better on smaller resolutions
 * Changed the "Random Team" button image on the Team Select menu for extra awesome.
 * *Some of the aliases have been minorly changed, please update your autoexec.cfg to what I have in the README!*
 * Maybe something else? I dunno, it's been well over a month since I made most of the changes.
----
==July 09, 2010==
===Release v2.2===
 * Switched support from 1440x900 (16:10) resolution to 1366x768 (16:9) due to my new laptop. 16:10 aspect ratios can now eat a big one.
 * Increased border thickness on most of the panels so they even HAVE a border on various resolutions.
 * Further fixes to the [http://img411.imageshack.us/img411/7035/mainmenuke.png main menu].
 * Took the [http://img203.imageshack.us/img203/9067/motdfp.png MOTD], [http://img338.imageshack.us/img338/3672/mapinfo.png map info] and [http://img35.imageshack.us/img35/863/itemgetm.png item find] panels from FrankenHUD.
 * New [http://img690.imageshack.us/img690/9940/teammenu.png team select] menu.
 * New [http://img153.imageshack.us/img153/8428/classmenu.png class select] menu (based off the one on FrankenHUD, made 10x better).
 * Added the map name to the scoreboard because I was reminded to :X.
 * Lopped off the "time left" portion of the server time on the scoreboard. Chances are I messed something up for different resolutions.
 * Added drop shadows to various things in the engineer's building panel.  Should be easier to read the text at least, icons were a no-go.
----
===July 09, 2010===
====Release v2.12====
 * Multiple changes to the main menu including adding several "magic buttons" to it (thanks again G-Mang), as well as changing the color theme to match the new dark theme TF2 is sporting.  Might stay, might not, just testing it.

 * The "magic buttons" in the "Find Server" button bar do as listed:
  * The 1, 2, and 3 buttons connect to your favorite servers.  See [http://code.google.com/p/toastyhudtf2/wiki/autoexec this page] for information on making these buttons work.
  * The "home" button next to the 1, 2, and 3 buttons does the same thing, but it's reserved for your match server or whatever you feel like.
 * In the lower right clusters are these three new buttons:
  * The first runs "record fix; stop" in order to reload models and animations (NOTE: It *will* stop demos in progress!)
  * The second runs "hud_reloadscheme" to, uh, reload your HUD to fix any bugs with it for when watching STV and such.
  * The third, and final, toggles between cl_hudminmode 0 and 1 to toggle between the small and large timers.  This one requires you to use the code on [http://code.google.com/p/toastyhudtf2/wiki/autoexec this page] as well.

 * Moved the server name in the scoreboard to cut off the "Server:" bit like I did for the time left.

 * Moved the Engineer's new revenge crits counter to the right of the metal count and added the new kill count icon as a background to it.

 * Updated the engineer's building panel to include all of Valve's recent changes.  Much better now.
----
===June 12, 2010===
====Release v2.11====
 * Fixed the broken KOTH timers due to the update
 * Fixed and slimmed down the new main menu to be <a href=http://img16.imageshack.us/img16/6166/newmainmenufath.png>less ugly</a>
 * Added option to add buttons on the main menu that connect you directly to the ubercharged.net servers.  See readme for more info.
 * Re-added the 4x3 Tournament Spectator Fix into the download.  I'm retarded, forgive me.
----
===May 27, 2010===
====Release v2.1====
 * Bleed icon added 
 * Fixed CTF panel on hybrid gametypes after playing on the new CTF maps from tf2maps.net 
 * More compact and prettier quickswitch menu 
 * Fixed another TargetID alignment issue 
 * Added tick marks to most of the charge bars. Had people yelling at me to add them after Gmang released his HUD. 
 * Tweaks to the scoreboard and death notices, as well as the build, destroy and disguise menus.
----
===May 5, 2010===
====Patch v2.01==== 
(Just drop the files in your ...tf/resource/ui/ folder)
  * Fixes the misaligned Bonk Energy Drink recharge meter.  Completely forgot about it.
  * Fixes a slight misalignment of the Target IDs.
----
===May 4, 2010===
====Release v.2====
  * First upload after the Google baleetion incident.  Too many changes to count from v1.3.